So now we are at a time in our edit where we're ready to drop in our musical track, or at least, yes,
search for a few potential choices.
Choose those and then find which one fits the best.
So let's hop over here to the screen cap already on Epidemic Sound, and I'm going to be looking through
a few just so you can kind of see the process.
I do of kind of quickly going through a lot of tracks in a short amount of time, because finding the
right track for a video can take a lot of time and you really want to maximize what you're doing.
So let's go ahead and go to the Moutier and let's see if there's anything interesting under Epic.
We might get to Epic, but let's see.
So there's always going to be an intro for songs, and you can see the intro kind of ends right there
singing.
OK, so now we have a beat here, and there's going to be a build and a drop somewhere around here.
So we're just going to skip ahead.
That's actually pretty cool track.
So I'm going to download.
Go to the next just by the look of this track, I can tell it already doesn't have enough of a beat.
You can tell this is all instrumentals with no actual spikes in the waveform that show a beat.
So this is going to be a more ambient atmospheric track.
That's not what we're looking for.
Too much kings of Leon.
Again, too much kings of Leon.
So you can see intro, the track starts here, there's a build here and there's a drop right here.
So I'm going to skip ahead.
It's just as cool a little too dubstep.
Again, to dubstep.
But what I want you to really take away from this is how to analyze the waveform of your music.
So as an editor, you can quickly navigate through it and find what you're wanting.
So I can tell here that this is like the chunk mean part of the song, and it's going to have a low,
relaxed vibe here and it's going to have the beat come back in here.
It kind of chills out here.
And then there's a drop here.
So let's see how correct I am.
The excitement is going to end right around here.
OK, Exactly, and it goes into a more calm, laid back part.
And the beat is going to come back in right here.
OK.
And then this is going to go on and there's going to be a build that starts right around here.
OK, and then there's going to be the job right here.
So that kind of analyzing the way forms of music really goes across a lot of genres that you will be
using, and that's a really clear way you want to be able to really be able to see.
I just said able like this.
Dubstep has got to be a little terrazzo.
Yeah.
End of the day.
The purpose of this is to really be able to quickly look at a waveform and analyze if it's going to
be the proper track or quickly see which part you want to use.
The video that we're currently working on.
There's really no intro or anything like that.
It goes straight into the content.